chore(http): Refresh headers docs i-r (#36079)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/origin/index.md

## Directives

- `null`
  - : The origin is "privacy sensitive", or is an _opaque origin_ as defined by the HTML specification (specific cases are listed in the [description](#description) section).
- `<scheme>`
  - : The protocol that is used.
    Usually, it is the HTTP protocol or its secured version, HTTPS.
- `<hostname>`
  - : The domain name or the IP address of the origin server.
- `<port>` {{optional_inline}}
  - : Port number on which the server is listening.
    If no port is given, the default port for the requested service is implied from the scheme (e.g., `80` for an HTTP URL).

## Description

The `Origin` header is similar to the {{HTTPHeader("Referer")}} header, but does not disclose the path, and may be `null`.

> It is used to provide the 'security context' for the origin request, except in cases where the origin information would be sensitive or unnecessary.

Reviewer: Either it is worth highlighting, in which case this should be a link, or it isn't, in which case this should have no "markup" at all :-). As it is, it looks like we're perhaps using a made up term and we're highlighting that.

> It is used to provide the 'security context' for the origin request, except in cases where the origin information would be sensitive or unnecessary.

Author: Good point, I think we should remove it here in that case:

```suggestion
It is used to provide the security context for the origin request, except in cases where the origin information would be sensitive or unnecessary.
```
